### Controller-Centric Architecture

CodeIgniter's core functionality regarding the way it handles domain models, configuration, cache, migration and pretty much all other facets of the framework are actually defined _within_ the controller graph hierarchy and therefore are only available _within_ a controller object. 

This has many limitations. First, if the need should ever arise to where you want to upgrade CI3 to CI4 (which is substantially more sophisticated than its predecessor), there is a GIGANTIC leap in terms of ineroperability between the two versions, and by that I mean don't plan on it taking an hour or two to get your system to a CI4 level... It may take considerable effort depending on how your current or legacy application was built around CI3. The newest CodeIgniter supports a powerful set of flexible components that are loosely coupled as separate classes (separating concerns) and yet together form  cohesive mechanisms available at your disposal to solve any number of interesting problems. 

While that's all just peaches and cream, the problem is that if you use CI3 for your company's' application then most likely you've had to build out your app with models and database queries that are heavily coupled to the CI_Model class. The domain layer represents the real-world transactions and processes that a business conducts everyday, so it is unarguably the most important aspect of any software system or application. You are supposed to code your application with the understanding that the domain and business models serve as the heart and soul of the application and therefore should be treated as though they will _outlive_ the application (because they most likely will). 

Think about it...A company that stays in business for a substantial amount of time and is expecting to _continue_ to do business in the future will have the need to update its software (websites, frameworks, infrastructure, apis, what-the-hell-ever) far before it will have the need to change its core business processes. Now, before I get any remarks or comments about how companies (startups especially) will always have the need to change and mold itself to fit its current industry requirements...I'm not saying otherwise. In fact, what I'm suggesting runs parallel to this fact...

If the domain logic itself is so heavily ingrained inside the framework (which is the only way you can build applications using CI3), and you get to the point where want to upgrade to a more powerful version of CodeIgniter or even want to switch to a new framework entirely, now you must endure the daunting task of going through every line of code, pulling out the logic that represents each business process or piece in the revenue chain into just concepts first, then re-coding them all to work either alone or with anything BESIDES CodeIgniter. 

More later... 
